you can win that ball off him I don't
think he's tremendously mobile no sir
there's a five-on-five
Rory and Carlos connect set peanut set
penises set bases
I was gonna be a PE teacher to be honest
and I came out here to work a soccer
camp one summer really enjoyed being in
California and a guy from Bakersfield
offered me a job there for six weeks
just coaching I've turned into 28 years
fleecy SUV is up to one things look good
at that point but the coyote scored two
goals and defeat the runners today
three to the loss makes it just about
certain the cows big will not make the
podium did not one for 98 games they've
got two ties both of which when the
lights failed so they were given a time
the time soccer was not a big spoiler in
the United States Baker so it obviously
didn't have a very good team so it was
very hard to recruit the best American
talent because they had an awful record
and so no one was going to come and play
but the beginning I probably had six or
seven British players I was familiar
with and we put the program on the map
once you start winning games everything
becomes a little bit easier for the
first twenty years I was a division 2
team we won a national championship and
then we move to Division one so you're
flying against the biggest schools in
the country UCLA Stanford and we make
the n-c-double-a tournament in our
second year which puts you with the
elite of programs to build a soccer
program into a nationally known program
it's kind of the rights of richer story
most people in this country and part of
the cars game know Bakersfield our
23 ABC News at 5:00 27 years CSUB men's
soccer coach
Simon Tobin announces resignation from
the road runners to take the same
position at San Jose State University
Simon brings a professionalism and a
success that is proven but new the foot
will be played I knew the kind of
reputation that you had he has done so
much for Bakersfield and he saw a lot of
potential here at San Jose State it's an
opportunity to build a program from the
ground up
Bakersfield you could be a big fish in a
small pond you have this go around once
and I'd like to challenge myself one
more time if I look up the road and see
Jeremy my older player and assistant and
where is taken Stanford you know as a
top 10 team I think San Jose State can
become a top 10 team in the country you
know I don't think I've got 27 years
left in me but I hope to do that within
the next 10 years it's a lot of fun work
on assignment oh he's philosophy
brilliant I'm not many coaches like Lee
he likes to win but he likes to win in
style I want to play for him and win
through I'm not gonna lie to you I was
surprised that English guy wants to play
attractive soccer action you're gonna
get for everyone the way he plays suits
me
we actually get to play instead of just
kicking rush it's a fun way to play
soccer and you enjoy it while you're on
the field and also when you win it's
just how much better he breaks down your
game to the point where you know what
you need to work on what your best
attributes are as a player he knows like
what type of players are good at what
and where to put them he gets the best
out of whatever player he has and he can
guide those kids to the professional
level in terms of what Simon's don't a
baker see what can we do here I'll see
we hope to emulate that and achieve more
this was a great challenge and this was
one I couldn't say no to I don't think
anything could surpass being a plier and
winning but I don't think it's anything
compared to our feel now coach look out
coach all right way to go the assistant
coaches are people you can bounce things
or shine and savio work very hard I like
to provide ever topic with assignment
ideas I take care of the players are
pathetically they can pass on the
information they learn from the game to
make us better players